Fix the hull color for the entire game (#92)
RoboCup-SSL/ssl-rules: chapters/gamestructure.adoc

However, if both teams prefer the same color, the referee assigns the colors by chance. In this case, the teams switch the colors after the first half of the match as well as after the first half of the overtime if applicable.

==== Choosing Robot Hull Colors

> Teams are encouraged to choose their preferred <<Hull Color of Robots, robot hull color>> (dark or bright) before the match. If both teams choose the same color, the <<Referee, referee>> assigns the colors by chance. The selected hull color must be used throughout the game.

Author: ```suggestion
Teams are encouraged to choose their preferred <<Hull Color of Robots, robot hull color>> (dark or bright) before the match. If both teams choose the same color, the <<Referee, referee>> assigns the colors by chance before the game starts. The selected hull color must be used throughout the game.
```

> The <<Hull Color of Robots, robot hull color>> (dark or bright) should match the <<Choosing Team Colors, team's color>> at the game beginning. Therefore, the starting blue team uses the dark hulls, while the starting yellow team uses light hulls for the entire game. If teams switch team color during the game, they must *not* switch hull colors.

Author: ```suggestion
The <<Hull Color of Robots, robot's hull color>> (dark or bright) should match the <<Choosing Team Colors, team's color>> at the beginning of the game. Therefore, the starting blue team uses dark hulls, while the starting yellow team uses light hulls for the entire game. If teams switch colors during the game, they must *not* change their hull colors.
```

> The <<Hull Color of Robots, robot's hull color>> (dark or bright) should match the <<Choosing Team Colors, team's color>> at the beginning of the game. Therefore, the starting blue team uses dark hulls, while the starting yellow team uses light hulls for the entire game. If teams switch colors during the game, they must *not* change their hull colors.

Author: ```suggestion
Teams are encouraged to choose their preferred <<Hull Color of Robots, robot hull color>> (dark or bright) before the match. If both teams choose the same color, the <<Referee, referee>> assigns the colors by chance. The selected hull color must be used throughout the game.
```
